How wonderful and impressive to realize that Jehovah promises to raise people from the dead and to end death permanently.
I invite you to read with me that comforting promise found that I say a chapter 25.
Regarding our God, Jehovah, I say a 25, 7 and 8 says,
He will do away with the shroud that is enveloping all the peoples and the covering that is woven over all the nations.
He will swallow up death forever, and the sovereign Lord Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces.
The watchtower of September 15, 2014, page 25 said,
Fittingly, the Bible refers to inherited sin and death as the shroud that is enveloping all the peoples and the covering that is woven over all the nations.
This suffocating, covering or shroud, this intricate web work of condemnation entraps all people.
But how do we know that Jehovah can resurrect the dead?
Because he already brought his people back to life figuratively in the past.
In 537, before our common era, Jehovah in effect raised the nation of Israel from the dead, restoring the people who were held captive in Babylon for 70 years to their homeland and reestablishing pure worship.
In 1919, Jehovah freed his modern day people from Babylon the Great, the world empire of false religion, revitalizing them for renewed activity.
I say a 26, 19 prophesied this,
Your dead will live, my corpses will rise up, awake and shout joyfully, you will residence in the dust, for your dew is as the dew of the morning, and the earth will let those powerless in death come to life.
When were God's people held captive by Babylon the Great?
That spiritual captivity lasted from the second century of our common era to 1919 when anointed Christians were gathered into the restored congregation.
God's people were tested and refined during the years following the establishment of God's kingdom in the heavens in 1914.
Then, in 1919, Jesus appointed the faithful and discreet slave over God's cleansed people to give them spiritual food at the proper time.
This was the year that God's people started to return to their God-given spiritual estate.
It was also the time when they were released from symbolic captivity to Babylon the Great.
How happy we can be though that after God's people experienced centuries of spiritual oppression, we as God's people not only experienced the spiritual restoration and the spiritual paradise,
but we'll see the fulfillment of Isaiah 25 verse 8 when God swallows up death forever.
Yes, Jehovah will end death forever, what a thrilling promise of peace.
Who of us has not lost the loved one to some disease, perhaps even from COVID-19 or an accident or a disaster?
God here promises that death will be no more, which suggests that the children who might be born then will not have to face the prospect of growing up and then getting old, ending in death.
In addition to Isaiah's prophecy, Revelation 214 clearly states a similar thought.
There we read that death will be no more.
As you watch the following video, think about what Jehovah has already done to show his love for us and what he will do for us in the future.
Jehovah fulfilled his word to the exiles. He restored that ruin nation as if bringing it back to life.
In 1919, Jehovah did something similar. He released his modern-day people from spiritual captivity and energized them to preach.
Just as Jehovah raised his people from figurative death, so will he reverse the effects of literal death?
Indeed, God will swallow up death forever. Imagine living longer than any tree, because death will be no more.
How we delight in the many things Jehovah gives us. Today we are privileged to be among the only group of people who worship Jehovah in the elevated way that he approves as prophesied in Isaiah chapter 2 verse 2.
And think about the overwhelming joy we will feel when Jehovah resurrects our loved ones.
Thank you, Jehovah, for our precious resurrection hope.
First Thessalonians chapter 4 verse 13 says,
Moreover, brothers, we do not want you to be ignorant about those who are sleeping in death so that you may not sorrow as the rest do who have no hope.
Meditate on it to strengthen your faith and courage. Why is it important for us to do so? Because the threat of death is a powerful weapon.
Those under Satan's control use it to force people to betray their friends or to give up their convictions.
But that threat is powerless against us. We know that if our enemies kill us, Jehovah will restore us to life.
We are convinced that nothing they can do can sever our attachment to Jehovah.
What remarkable wisdom Jehovah has shown by giving us the resurrection hope.
By means of it, he disarmed Satan of one of his most effective weapons and at the same time arms us with unbreakable courage.
Remember that death is temporary and that the life Jehovah offers each of us will last forever.
In this symposium we have learned how Jehovah fulfilled his promises in the past, how he is fulfilling them today and how he will fulfill them in the future.
As we have seen God's promises of peace include one nutritious spiritual and physical food for all, two adequate housing and satisfying work, three freedom from the risk of violence, four perfect physical health,
and five the elimination of death. With Jehovah as our God and best friend we will delight in the abundance of peace forever.